Improve the Smart Sync offline access information (#447)
iterate-ch/docs: mountainduck/connect/sync.md

### Keep Offline

> Choose *Mountain Duck → Keep Offline on Local Disk* to make files and folders available even when the network connection drops. The status of the file will change to *In Sync*. The action is recursive for all contained files when a folder is selected and applies to new files found on the remote storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose *Mountain Duck → Keep Offline on Local Disk* to make files and folders available even when offline with no network connectivity. The status of the file will change to *In Sync*. The action is recursive for all contained files when a folder is selected and applies to new files found on the remote storage.
```
